 Databricks AI Assistant
 -----------------------

  1. Create a catalog (dbassist) and a schema (bakehouse) in your workspace.

  2. Ask the Assistant to list all tables in samples.bakehouse schema.

	Mode: Chat
	Level: Notebook (not cell)
	Prompt: Show all tables in samples.bakehouse schema

  	Copy the generated code into the cell and run it. 

  3. Ask the Assistant to copy all tables from samples.bakehouse into dbassist.bakehouse.

	Mode: Chat
	Level: Notebook
	Prompt: create all the tables in samples.bakehouse from dbassist.bakehouse 

  	If the prompt generates code for a single table, give further prompt for all tables:

	Prompt: show me the code for all tables.

	Copy the generated code into the cell and run it.
	This generates code for all the tables.

  4. Run the same code a second time. This should generate an error.

	Check 'Diagnose error' and 'Debug' options to fix the code.
	Copy the fixed code and paste it in the cell and run it.

  5. Give your notebook a name using assistant.
	Click on the icon in the notebook title area. 

  6. Select "agent" mode in your assistent. 

	Mode: agent
	Level: Notebook
	Prompt: Analyze all the tables in dbassist.bakehouse

	Accept the code generated in the cells.
	Run all the cells.

  7. Observe the insights generated by Agent to understand the data model.

  8. Generate descriptions for your data objects.

	Open the 'dbassist.bakehouse' catalog from catalog explorer. 

	Click on 'AI generate' button under 'Description'
	Click on 'Accept' to accept the description.
	(You can edit it if you want)

	Open each of the tables and 'accept' the 'AI Suggested Description'.

	Generate description for all the columns by click on 'AI generate' button

  9. Create a new notebook.
	Add a cell in it to use 'dbassist' calalog
	USE CATALOG dbassist.

  10. Create a new catalog called 'bakehouse_silver'

	Level: Cell
	Prompt: Create a schema called bakehouse_silver and use it.

	Run the generated code to create a new schema.

 11. Query the following data:

	Mode: Chat 
	Level: Cell / Notebook (as required)

	Prompt 1: 
		Get franchises details with valid supplierID only from bakehouse schema. 
		Include supplier name and supplier city as additional columns

		Run the code. Debug the code if required.

	Prompt 2:
		Create a table called 'franchises' with the above query output in 'bakehouse_silver' schema

		Run the code to create the table.

	Prompt 3:
		Show data from sales_customers table redacting email_address, phone_number, address columns
		
		Run the code. Debug the code if required.

	Prompt 4:
		Create 'customers' table with the results of the above query in bakehouse_silver schema
		
		Run the code to create the table.





  XX. Cleanup:

	Prompt:
	Generate python code to drop all the tables in all the schemas in dbassist catalog.




